Let's see, how can we add the actual images, because remember in our movie file, we do have the poster
and we have images so we can actually get these images from these links.
OK?
Images of the movie the first thing I want to make sure.
So let's make this preview of all songs, a preview as such.
But are we going to have a problem here?
Because if you have over is going to say composable functions with non default parameters are not supported
in preview unless they are annotated with preview parameter?
Well, in this case here, all he's saying is that some of the parameters here must have some total
default values.
So for us, I'm just going to pass a say, get movies right?
Remember, we remember these get movies, a return, a list of movies, and I'm just going to say I
want to get the first movie, so we have some data default.
So here this is another way of getting the first item from a list.
So we call get movies which are returns at list and then we want the first index or index zero up there.
All right.
So get the first movie.
Well, let's split it.
Let's see what's going to happen.
OK.
There you have it.
So this is what we see, nothing new there.
So let's start with adding some more information here.
So after our title here, what I'm going to do, actually, I'm going to create a column in this column
here.
We're going to get take all of this text and put inside of this column.
The reason being is because we want to add other texts below the title.
So let's go ahead first.
I'm going to put a modifier here modifier.
Keep a padding about four deep.
OK, that seems to be what we always do.
And let me copy this few times over just to show you a few things.
OK, so the first we have a title.
And while we're here, we may also add a modifier here and I want modifier.
Let's say style one to modify his style.
So let's add this style in this case, say material theme.
I want typography.
And let's say a six or not too large then for this tax here, I'm just going to say, let's put that
inside of.
Double quotes, because we are going to interpolate here.
It's this is going to be director and let's say style for this one material theme, and we're going
to go to typography again and we want to make it a caption so small.
OK, let's go ahead and then get rid of this.
In this case, I'm going to use the released.
Such an was a movie that released, so just getting no, I think it's here, let's see, a year ago.
Just getting the properties of the movie object might release you getting the year this movie was released.
OK, let's go ahead and refresh will quit here.
We should be able to see something, hopefully.
OK, that looks real good.
I like that.
OK, now we need to work on the image because we don't want this icon just to show as it is right now.
So we want to get rid of that.
So.
So how do we then bring in images, especially bring in images from a URL and compose?
Well, there are a few ways, but there is one recommended way which is to use this library called coil.
So coil is a library that allows us to get images from the URL, as you see here.
If we go to this website, so we just Google Coil Jetpack Coil, as you see here, you will see that
coil is a jetpack compose library that allows us to add images.
There are other things that he can do with it, but mainly is to help us with adding images into our
apps, using using your or in this case, if the image is at this URL, you can use image and then passed
it.
Remember image painter and so forth.
Now this library is really helpful because it deals with all the underlining issues when he trying to
get images from a URL.
OK, so takes care of all the memory issues, everything that as developers in this case, we don't
want to take care of.
OK?
It's really easy to use, but the first thing to do, of course, is to add the dependency, to say
that we can get the library onto our project.
So I'm going to copy this, or we can just click that their clipboard and what do you need to do?
Let's go to our project and we need to go to Gradle scripts.
So we take the second one to module movie app, double click and you can see we have a lot of other
implementations there.
So all we're going to do somewhere we can just go here, and I like to always add some sort of information.
So I know what library.
That's what.
Or dependency.
And let's go ahead and add that to their OK, so we have coil, and the next thing you need to do is
to sync that way.
The whole project a sync so we can start using this library after a few moments.
Everything should be good.
Just get out, get out of there, and now we can just comment this out.
This is our icon.
So here I'm just going to go ahead and say, say image.
I say that and I'm going to use the first one.
Is this painter.
Now the thing we're going to do here, we're just going to start typing, remember and say, image painter
like this.
So we're going to use the first one.
There we go.
Actually, this is not what we want one to neither one, but it's OK.
We can just overload it by saying data.
So the data we're going to pass here is going to be the link, the URL.
This case will be something like this, right?
So where we get the image real, well, we get that from our object and that's a movie dot.
And I'm going to see poster, but the problem with poster I learned, even though I added here, is
that this is a broken link.
So don't use poster.
We're going to actually go and get one of these images, but there's a list of the image we can just
go ahead and fetch one of them.
OK.
So instead of poster, which should be what we would get, we're just going to go and see get images
and I'm going to get just the first image there.
OK, from our list of images.
And then here I'm going to say.
Movie poster, such for content description.
Now there's not thing that would happen because we are invoking remember image painter, which goes
and tries to fetch an image from a URL.
We need to go to a project again and add that permission.
Right.
Because Android is a protective is a protected box, if you will.
Whenever we want to get something from a URL, we need to have the permission so we can say, use this
permission like that, and he'd enter.
And there is the internet if you don't see it.
You can start typing internet like that and the first one, that's the one.
So for a slash and closes itself.
So this is what we need to do every time we want to use the internet to fetch images or to get something
from the API or whatever we want to do whenever we want to access the internet.
This has to be added into our Android manifest.
At the time of the recording of these video images that we're getting from the internet don't show inside
of a preview so we can go ahead and refresh that, even though we added in the image there.
It's not going to show here, right?
I see.
It doesn't show.
But the best way, of course, is to run in our immolated or your device.
So in this case, I have my device here that you can see on the screen and we should see images.
And voila!
You can see now we went and got images for each one of the movies.
Pretty neat.
Very good.
So if I click again, we go back to two details, which doesn't have anything.
OK, so we're making good progress now.
The great thing about this library, right?
The coil, is that for our image, we can actually do something cool.
For instance, we can invoke the builder right inside of our remember their let's go ahead and close
this instead of our remember.
I can see past something else.
I'm going to pass the builder say builder like this and I'm going to pass Alhambra inside here.
I can see, for instance, animation.
I can say I want crossfade to happen.
So let's say true to get a little animation when these images are being loaded.
The other thing we can do, we can crop this image that is coming in into a circle.
It's very easy.
All you have to do have to invoke transformations and then pass here a circle.
Crop transformation like that.
All of that is being done inside of this builder parameter or argument, every passing.
All right.
And it's optional, obviously.
OK, so now she'll run again.
You will see the difference.
You've seen this before, but now we're using the image painter in this case, the image coil.
Remember image painter to do so, and you can see there we go.
It looks very nice to have that nice circle image.
And of course, we have the director and the release year for each one of the movies I get.